Add --print-smt flag to output the SMTChecker SMTLIB code (#14307)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Commandline Interface: Add ``--ir-ast-json`` and ``--ir-optimized-ast-json`` outputs for Solidity input, providing AST in compact JSON format for IR and optimized IR.
 * EWasm: Remove EWasm backend.
 * Parser: Introduce ``pragma experimental solidity``, which will enable an experimental language mode that in particular has no stability guarantees between non-breaking releases and is not suited for production use.

>  * SMTChecker: Add ``--print-smt`` CLI option and ``settings.modelChecker.printSmt`` JSON option to output the SMTChecker SMTLIB code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Add ``--model-checker-print-query`` CLI option and ``settings.modelChecker.printQuery`` JSON option to output the SMTChecker queries in the SMTLIB2 format.
```
